[Music]
let's go through the process of setting
up an SRT live input when you click on
the SRT option you'll see several fields
that need to be filled out the first
step is to give your SRT live input a
name this can be anything that helps you
identify the stream next decide if this
will be a shared Source meaning it's
accessible to everyone or a private one
for your use only you'll notice three
fields that are gray out at first these
will be enabled later in the process so
don't worry about them just yet to
proceed you'll need to check a few boxes
the first one is to choose the minimum
latency by default it's set to 1,000
milliseconds but if you notice issues
with the stream adjusting this setting
slightly higher can help ensure smoother
transmission the next option is use as
growing live if you skip this your
stream will only work with a Cutting
Room live studio or module and you won't
be able to edit the live feed directly
in the editor we include this option
because directly integrating live feeds
into the editor requires constant
processing which is more expensive so
for a 24/7 channel that you are likely
to only grab a clip from Once in the
while disabling this will be more cost
effective next you'll want to set the
time zone this ensures that we display
the correct time for the live in the
players you can either use the
preconfigured shortcuts or if the stream
has an embedded time zone that doesn't
match you can override it by checking
the override time zone box if you want
to integrate your own electronic program
guide or EPG we also support that if
you're using grace note you'll need to
enter the API key image endpoint and
station
ID after saving when you revisit the SRT
settings you'll see some additional
technical options the first thing you'll
notice is the status which will show as
stopped
this means the ingest point isn't
currently active you control when it
starts and stops which is important
because running it incurs costs when
it's active Hardware is engaged to
receive live signals now you can select
the endpoint size we offer four
different sizes and the price scales
based on the frame rate and resolution
for most streams micro size is
sufficient but larger sizes are
available if needed the DNS based
streaming endpoint is a server URL used
to send a live stream or video from a
chosen encoder to Cutting Room the DNS
URL is a static link That Remains the
Same even when you restart the stream
copy this URL into your encoder and
start
streaming leave your encoder stream key
setting
blank remember to start the live stream
in Cutting Room before initiating the
stream from your encoder now you can
start the
stream then open your editor you'll see
a video camera icon click on it if
everything is set up correctly the
stream should be up and running quickly
and you can start editing typically your
inest point will be ready to receive a
stream within about 40
seconds if the status shows as running
but the editor displays no signal the
this means the stream is active but no
video signals are being received if
you're not receiving any stream even
after having waited for some seconds
first check the encoder and ensure all
settings are configured correctly if the
encoder still cannot connect after
verifying settings try switching from a
dns-based server URL to an IP based
server URL this can help resolve issues
caused by excessive DNS caching in
certain networks note that when you
using an IP based server URL you will
need to update the server URL in the
encoder each time you start a stream in
justest as the IP based server URL will
change the advantage of using DNS is
that it always Remains the Same once
your encoder starts with the right
settings your live stream will begin to
appear the stream status will change to
live and you'll be able to see your live
inside Cutting Room and start editing
from it
[Music]